BD-3280: Update suggestion to preference center in click rates (#7806)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/help_articles/email/open_rates.md

1. Be aware that this can happen to any sender and nearly any recipient. Clicks, like opens, are not entirely reliable indicators of human interaction with your messages, meaning NHI is not preventable.
2. Because higher positive engagement tends to correlate with lower NHI, it's important to follow email messaging [best practices]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/best_practices). This includes getting explicit permission from your users to send email and sunsetting unengaged subscribers on a regular cadence. 
3. Use HTTPS links in your emails when possible. NHI is less common for senders using secure links.

> 4. If you currently use a single-click unsubscribe process, consider creating a [preference center]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/preference_center/overview) that takes users to a page to edit and manage their notifications. This can be helpful because NHI can inadvertently unsubscribe users.

Author: ```suggestion
4. If you currently use a single-click unsubscribe process, consider creating a [preference center]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/preference_center/overview) that takes users to a page to edit and manage their notification preferences. This can be helpful because NHI can inadvertently unsubscribe users.
```
